You've already learned how to refine the audience for your ads with interest targeting.
And in this lecture we're going to cover the last two options that you have which is behavior and connections
targeting.
So let's jump straight in.
We're still here in the detail targeting section in our ads create tool working on the onset level for
our audience and define this behavior targeting best to click on browse here come dine TV havior is
when we can see certain behaviors that are available here.
Now if you want to include people who have these behaviors into your audience this is hadiah It's very
simple and the same process as our interests let's understand with some of these behaviors are so mobile
device user.
If you want to do.
Target is a person who uses a particular brand of mobile device or particular operating system if that
was important to your.
Then you can see like that here and really on that end just by ticking the button as we saw for the
interests coming down let's have a look at some of them other ones here.
Travel is quite an interesting one.
And for example you could include people who have returned from a trip one week ago.
You know I have seen on my Facebook news feed a service that helps people to reclaim any money that
they're owed from canceled flights or missing baggage.
Now that appeared in my news feed when I just came back from holidays so probably they are using this
type of behavior targeting to put the ads in front of people who are most likely going to need that
service.
So that's an interesting example of how someone might be using behavioral targeting.
They're moving down a little bit further we're looking at Kinect connections here and this is where
you can target your audience based on a connection that they have with you or don't have to.
So you can see there are options here for the Facebook page.
I can target people who like my Facebook page and only them and you'll have to maybe type in the page
name and you can see that my fuel gauge here has dropped right down to it.
And so the reason is is because if I select this option people who like my page then it will apply dot
variable plus all of the other things that I've selected above in order to do that.
So that really does narrow your audience that's not a day like my page and they are the things above
that they like my page and they meet the criteria above as well so it's important to understand I want
to take that off because that really narrows my audience too much.
But you can include people who don't like your page.
If you're trying to reach new people.
Exactly.
And similar options for your app and events are some reason that seems a little bit hard to click.
But I'm sure you'll figure it out now.
In terms of these behavior on connections do you need to use them properly for this first campaign.
They're not as important but it's just interesting to understand what those options are.
I would suggest that you go in have a look quickly around what those options are if there are placable
ones put them in.
If not don't worry about it too much.
Now that really wraps up our targeting and using those core targeting options to create an audience
for our.
Coming up next we're going to set the Plaisance for that.
And this is really where ad appears so I'll see you in the next lecture.